README.md, before:

# Moroi Technology Time screen + audio for use with the Mothership Decagone module by WacoMatrixo

I made this little tool to use for my run of [Decagone](https://slowquest.itch.io/decagone) at my table. It's simple little Astro site that uses the Terminal theme and is a simple timer/audio player.

## How to use

If you have a tablet, computer, or other screen to use during your session, you can use it to display the clock. It is noted in the module that the clock is visible to players without explanation. I just cast this to a TV screen for everyone to see during play.

The audio plays on a continuous loop, but there are pause and reset buttons if you need them.

- Start the audio once your players have about 2 minutes left in their elevator ride into the facility.
- That's it! You can pause for snack breaks or meta-table discussions or reset the timer if you need to.

<details>
  <summary>Spoilers about the module</summary>
The 2 minutes of elevator music/time gives your players a couple minutes to regroup each loop before the 10 minutes starts again. This is brief, useful "what the fuck just happened" time for players to quickly talk about what happened and what they're going to do next.

Note about the audio from @Lizardperson (copied from Discord):

- The first 2 minutes are just background elevator music
- There’s a voice over that makes announcements, introducing the characters to the location, and announcing some events.
- The end of the adventure is a 30 second long tension build, growing to a cacophonous finale. Works really well when the elevator music slowly fades back in.
- In between the announcements is just dark ambiance, a little creepy vibes

</details>

## Credits

- Decagone module by WacoMatrixo
- Audio track: Credit: @Lizardperson on the Mothership Discord, who posted this audio track in their after-action report.
- Theme and Styling: Terminal theme made by [panr](https://github.com/panr/hugo-theme-terminal) and ported by [Dennis Klappe](https://github.com/dennisklappe)
- Nostromo theme inspired by this [Nostromo](https://github.com/gvorbeck/Nostromo) theme for Obsidian
- Retro terminal styling: Chris Coyier on [CodePen](https://codepen.io/chriscoyier/pen/GBbOJd)
- Framework: Built with Astro and Solid

Commit message:

chore: Update readme, about page, and layout
- Layout should have description of page, not generic text from theme
- Add dev info to run locally to the readme
- Add how to run info to the about page

README.md, after:

# Moroi Technology Time screen + audio for use with the Mothership Decagone module by WacoMatrixo

I made this little tool to use for my run of [Decagone](https://slowquest.itch.io/decagone) at my table. It's simple little Astro site that uses the Terminal theme and is a simple timer/audio player.

## How to use

If you have a tablet, computer, or other screen to use during your session, you can use it to display the clock. It is noted in the module that the clock is visible to players without explanation. I just cast this to a TV screen for everyone to see during play.

The audio plays on a continuous loop, but there are pause and reset buttons if you need them.

- Start the audio once your players have about 2 minutes left in their elevator ride into the facility.
- That's it! You can pause for snack breaks or meta-table discussions or reset the timer if you need to.

<details>
  <summary>Spoilers about the module</summary>
The 2 minutes of elevator music/time gives your players a couple minutes to regroup each loop before the 10 minutes starts again. This is brief, useful "what the fuck just happened" time for players to quickly talk about what happened and what they're going to do next.

Note about the audio from @Lizardperson (copied from Discord):

- The first 2 minutes are just background elevator music
- There’s a voice over that makes announcements, introducing the characters to the location, and announcing some events.
- The end of the adventure is a 30 second long tension build, growing to a cacophonous finale. Works really well when the elevator music slowly fades back in.
- In between the announcements is just dark ambiance, a little creepy vibes

</details>

### Running locally

1. Clone the repo
2. Run `npm install`
3. Run `npm run dev`
4. Open `localhost:4321` in your browser

In local mode, there is an additional tool that will allow you to pick a specific time in the timer (so you don't have to listen to the entire track for any testing).

## Credits

- Decagone module by WacoMatrixo
- Audio track: Credit: @Lizardperson on the Mothership Discord, who posted this audio track in their after-action report.
- Theme and Styling: Terminal theme made by [panr](https://github.com/panr/hugo-theme-terminal) and ported by [Dennis Klappe](https://github.com/dennisklappe)
- Nostromo theme inspired by this [Nostromo](https://github.com/gvorbeck/Nostromo) theme for Obsidian
- Retro terminal styling: Chris Coyier on [CodePen](https://codepen.io/chriscoyier/pen/GBbOJd)
- Framework: Built with Astro and Solid
